Nanbu: DON'T LEAN
TOO FAR FORWARD.
NOT TOO FAR BACK, EITHER.
( Aragaki grunting )
Nanbu: SPLIT YOUR WEIGHT
EVENLY, 50‐50.
THAT'S THE FORM YOU NEED TO
PRACTICE UNTIL IT'S NATURAL...
FOR TOMORROW.
WE'RE DOING THIS
FOR TOMORROW, ARAGAKI.
( crowd cheering )
‐ ( Joe gasping )
‐ Computer: TWO, THREE,
‐ FOUR, FIVE...
‐ ( Nanbu gasping )
Aragaki: THERE'S A LOT TO
MAKE UP FOR, THINGS I'VE LOST,
SO IT'S TIME YOU PAID
YOUR PART OF THE DEBT IN FULL.
‐ ( Nanbu growls )
‐ Computer: NINE...
Nanbu: HUH?
( crowd cheering )
Sachio: JOE!
Joe: HEY, WHO ARE
YOU LOOKING AT?
I'M THE ONE YOU GOTTA BEAT HERE.
DID YOU FORGET?
♪
( singing in Japanese )
( overlapping chatter )
♪
Man: KICK HIS ASS, ARAGAKI!
Man #2: PUT HIM OUT
OF HIS MISERY, WILL YOU?
Sachio: POPS, ISN'T THERE
SOMETHING JOE CAN DO?
YOU TRAINED ARAGAKI, DIDN'T YOU?
YOU SHOULD KNOW HIS WEAKNESSES
LIKE THE BACK OF YOUR HAND.
Nanbu: I FIGURED
THIS WOULD HAPPEN.
ARAGAKI'S PUSHED
HIS MEGALO‐BOXING
UP TO A WHOLE NEW LEVEL.
LOOK AT THE SPRING OF
HIS PROSTHETICS IN HIS FOOTWORK.
HE MIGHT NOT HAVE
A TON OF POWER,
BUT HE CAN SEND COUNTERS FLYING
AS SOON AS HIS OPPONENT'S
FINISHED PUNCHING HIM.
JOE, THERE MIGHT BE
NO WAY TO WIN THIS.
Man #1: HEY,
WE CAME TO SEE A FIGHT!
THIS IS NO TIME
FOR A SLOW DANCE!
Man #3: HEY!
QUIT SCREWING AROUND,
AND FIGHT LIKE A MAN!
Nanbu: YEAH, THAT'S IT, JOE.
HOLD ON TIGHT,
AND DON'T LET HIM GO!
( crowd laughing )
Sachio:
I CAN'T WATCH THIS, POPS.
( Joe panting )
‐ ( Joe gasps )
‐ ( horn blows )
( crowd cheering )
( Joe panting )
Nanbu: GOOD JOB OUT THERE.
BUT THAT'S ENOUGH.
EVEN IF YOU GO ALL OUT,
YOU CAN'T WIN THIS FIGHT.
MAKING SURE HIS BOXER
LEAVES THE RING ALIVE
IS PART OF A TRAINER'S JOB.
Sachio: WAIT.
YOU WANNA FORFEIT?
Nanbu: LISTEN, JOE,
YOU GOTTA TRUST ME.
IF WE DON'T STOP NOW,
YOU MIGHT BE HURT TOO BAD
TO COMPETE
FOR MEGALONIA AGAIN.
I CAN GET YOU
ANOTHER MATCH IN NO TIME.
WHAT? AAH!
LET ME GO.
Joe: I RECALL YOU SAYING
THIS TRAIN HASN'T GOT ANY STOPS.
REMEMBER?
Nanbu: YEAH, BUT LISTEN.
Joe: I'M GOING AS FAR AS I CAN.
TRY TO STOP ME,
‐ AND YOU'LL BE GETTING OFF.
‐ ( Nanbu groans )
Joe: AND IF YOU
CAN'T DO ANY OF THAT,
THEN JUST SHUT UP,
AND WATCH WHAT HAPPENS
( Nanbu groans )
EH? HEY! GIMME THAT!
Sachio: AFTER ALL,
WE'RE A TEAM, RIGHT?
Trainer: GREAT WORK.
YOU'VE SET THE PACE.
‐ Nanbu: SUIT YOURSELF.
‐ Trainer: JUST KEEP IT UP.
‐ ( horn blowing )
‐ ( Joe grunts )
SPLIT IT EVENLY, 50‐50.
Nanbu: HUH? THAT SON OF A...
NOW THE KID STARTS DOING
WHAT I TOLD HIM TO DO?
( Aragaki gasps )
Joe: SPLIT IT EVENLY,
FIFTY‐FIFTY.
( Aragaki gasps )
WHATEVER. THAT'S NOT
GONNA HELP AGAINST ME.
( Sachio gasps )
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
‐ Computer: ONE, TWO...
‐ Nanbu: LISTEN!
DON'T WORRY ABOUT
HOW IT'S LOOKIN', JOE!
YOU GOTTA STAY CLOSE TO HIM
SO HIS SPEED WON'T BE A FACTOR.
IF IT GETS DANGEROUS,
GO AHEAD AND CLINCH!
JUST HANG IN THERE!
Joe: YOU'RE THE ONE WHO SAID
STRATEGY WASN'T
GONNA HELP, POPS.
( Nanbu growls )
JOE, DAMN IT.
WHAT THE HELL IS HE THINKING?!
Sachio: DON'T YOU SEE?
JOE WANTS TO WIN
USING WHAT YOU TAUGHT HIM.
( Nanbu grumbles )
‐ ( horn blows )
‐ ( crowd cheering )
( Joe chuckling )
Trainer: DON'T WASTE TIME
TOYING WITH HIM.
FINISH HIM IN THE NEXT ROUND.
Nanbu: DON'T LEAN
TOO FAR FORWARD.
NOT TOO FAR BACK, EITHER.
50‐50. SPLIT YOUR WEIGHT EVENLY.
THAT'S THE FORM YOU NEED
TO PRACTICE UNTIL IT'S NATURAL.
Nanbu: SPLIT IT EVENLY, 50‐50.
( panting )
( Nanbu laughs )
PRETTY ROUGH, ISN'T IT?
ALMOST MAKES YOU WANNA QUIT
MEGALO‐BOXING, HUH?
YOU SPLIT YOUR WEIGHT
EVENLY, 50‐50.
NO MATTER HOW TOUGH THINGS
ARE NOW, IF YOU HOLD YOUR FORM,
TOMORROW WILL BE
WAITING FOR YOU.
TOMORROW, ARAGAKI. MAKING IT
TO TOMORROW IS ALL YOU NEED.
Trainer: HEY, ARAGAKI,
ARE YOU LISTENING TO ME?
( Aragaki chuckles )
YEAH, I'M LISTENING.
I PUT HIM DOWN
IN THE NEXT ROUND.
( Joe groans )
Nanbu: HE'S GOT YOU
COMPLETELY FIGURED OUT, KID.
PLUS, HE'S GOT THE ADVANTAGE
IN SPEED AND TECHNIQUE.
YOU CAN'T BEAT HIM.
IT'S OVER. YOU KNOW IT.
AT THIS POINT,
ALL HE WANTS TO DO
IS MAKE SURE I WATCH HIM
BEAT THE LIVIN' HELL OUT OF YOU,
‐ SO WHY D‐‐
‐ Joe: I'M NOT SO SURE.
AT FIRST,
I THOUGHT THE SAME THING,
BUT, YOU KNOW...
THAT MIGHT NOT BE IT.
Nanbu: HUH? HMM?
Joe: YEAH, HE'S ON
A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT LEVEL
THAN THE OTHER GUYS
I'VE FOUGHT,
BUT I THINK HE'S IN THE RING
FOR THE SAME REASON I AM,
TO WIN THIS FIGHT.
( horn blowing )
AND IF THAT'S THE CASE,
THERE'S NO WAY IN HELL
I'M GONNA RUN AWAY.
( Gear clanks )
Nanbu: ARAGAKI...
IF THIS ISN'T
ABOUT REVENGE ON ME,
THEN WHAT THE HELL
IS THIS ABOUT?
Aragaki: I'VE DECIDED
TO RUIN HIM.
Nanbu: EH?
Aragaki: THIS NEW FIGHTER
THAT YOU'VE BEEN
SO CAREFULLY DEVELOPING.
( Nanbu gasps )
Joe: WHAT'S WRONG?
THOSE LEGS LOW ON OIL
OR SOMETHING? ( chuckles )
YOU AIN'T GONNA RUIN ME
LIKE THIS.
( Aragaki growls )
( Sachio gasps )
Nanbu: JOE, I'M SORRY,
BUT YOU'VE GOT IT WRONG.
IT WAS A MISTAKE
TO ACCEPT THIS FIGHT.
( Joe groans )
Nanbu: NO, LETTING HIM
SHIP OFF TO THAT WAR
AND NOT BELIEVING
HE'D COME BACK ALIVE,
THAT'S THE MISTAKE I MADE.
I WAS WRONG.
I WAS WRONG ABOUT ALL OF IT.
I'VE BEEN RUNNING FROM IT.
JOE...
YOU DON'T NEED TO PAY
FOR WHAT I'VE DONE.
( crowd cheering )
Trainer: IT'S OVER.
Referee: DOWN!
Computer: ONE, TWO, THREE,
FOUR, FIVE...
Nanbu: JOE, ENOUGH! STAY DOWN!
Computer: SEVEN, EIGHT, NINE...
Joe: YOU GOT IT ALL WRONG, POPS.
I DON'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED IN THE PAST.
THIS GUY'S IN MY WAY,
SO I'M GONNA BEAT HIM.
Aragaki: WHY?
STAY DOWN!
Joe: SPLIT IT EVENLY, 50‐50.
Aragaki: HUH? ( growls )
Aragaki: SHUT YOUR MOUTH!
Joe: 50‐50, SPLIT IT EVENLY.
Aragaki: THAT'S ENOUGH!
SHUT THE HELL UP!
( both gasp )
‐ ( crowd cheering )
‐ Referee: HE'S DOWN!
( all gasp )
( Joe chuckles )
Computer: ONE, TWO, THREE,
FOUR, FIVE...
( crowd cheering )
Computer: TWO, THREE,
‐ FOUR...
‐ Sachio: NO WAY. HE DID IT!
‐ Computer: FIVE...
‐ Trainer: ARAGAKI! GET UP!
Computer: SIX, SEVEN,
EIGHT...
‐ ( Joe chuckles )
‐ ( crowd cheering )
( Nanbu chuckles )
I GET IT NOW.
( horn blows )
OKAY, BREATHE DEEP.
( Joe inhales )
Nanbu: YOU'RE OFF BALANCE
AND LETTING YOUR GUARD DROP.
IT'S WHEN YOU'RE
WORN OUT LIKE THIS,
YOU GOTTA REMEMBER THE BASICS.
Joe: SO I'M GUESSING YOU THINK
I'VE GOT A CHANCE NOW?
Nanbu: YEAH. BET YOUR ASS I DO.
Trainer:
DON'T LET IT GET TO YOU.
IT WAS A LUCKY PUNCH.
‐ Aragaki: NO.
‐ Trainer: HMM?
Aragaki: HE WAS WAITING FOR IT,
AND HE DIDN'T LET
HIS CHANCE SLIP PAST.
PLUS HE KEPT UP HIS STANCE
ON TOP OF IT.
Trainer: MAYBE,
BUT HE'S TOO LATE.
STUBBORNNESS IS
WHAT KEEPS HIM STANDING.
GO AFTER HIM. CRUSH HIM.
BREAK HIS SPIRIT.
( horn blows )
Nanbu: GOTTA SAY,
THAT KID'S A REAL PIECE OF WORK.
JOE UNDERSTOOD EVERYTHING.
HE ACTUALLY UNDERSTOOD IT,
ALL THE STUFF
HE WAS PRACTICING EVERY DAY,
BUILDING ONTO HIS CORE,
WOULD EVENTUALLY
BREAK OUT OF ITS SHELL
AND BEAR SOME REAL FRUIT.
Joe: 50‐50, SPLIT IT EVENLY.
Trainer: KEEP IT UP! THAT'S IT!
YOU'RE WEARIN' HIM DOWN!
Aragaki: WHY?!
Nanbu: JOE'S AS DURABLE
AS THEY COME.
HE MANAGED TO SURVIVE
FIGHT AFTER FIGHT
IN THE UNDERGROUND RING
WITH GEAR THAT WAS
BASICALLY USELESS.
HIS BODY MAY TAKE A BEATING,
BUT HIS SPIRIT WON'T BE BROKEN.
RIGHT NOW, THE KID'S LIKE
A RED‐HOT PIECE OF IRON.
THE MORE HE'S HIT,
THE TOUGHER HE GETS.
( clank )
( Aragaki groans )
Sachio: WOW, LOOK AT HIM GO!
( Nanbu gasps )
( Joe chuckles )
Nanbu: WE'RE DOING THIS
FOR TOMORROW, ARAGAKI.
Trainer: THIS MATCH IS
JUST SO YOU CAN MOVE UP.
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
‐ ARAGAKI!
‐ ( Aragaki gasps )
‐ ( clanks )
‐ ( groans )
Man: GO! GET HIM!
( Joe sighs )
♪
‐ ( horn blowing )
‐ ( crowd cheering )
( Joe sighs )
( Aragaki sighs )
Nanbu: DOES IT HURT?
( Joe winces )
NOT ENOUGH TO BOTHER ME.
Man #2: FIGHT ALREADY! COME ON!
Aragaki: FOR TOMORROW...
‐ Trainer: HUH?
‐ Aragaki: RIGHT?
( sighs )
COACH MIYAGI...
‐ ( horn blowing )
‐ Nanbu: OKAY.
( all gasp )
( crowd murmuring )
Man #3: COME ON.
I GOT MONEY ON THIS.
Man #4: LET'S GO. FIGHT.
Nanbu: HUH?
Woman: GET UP, ALREADY.
COME ON! LET'S FIGHT!
( horn blowing )
Referee: ARAGAKI HAS
FORFEITED THE MATCH.
WINNER BY TKO AT THE CONCLUSION
OF THE FOURTH ROUND IS...
"GEARLESS" JOE!
( crowd cheering )
Sachio: DID WE WIN?
Nanbu: YEAH.
Sachio: JOE!
WE WON! WE WON!
JOE, WE WON THE FIGHT!
‐ Joe: WE WON?
‐ Sachio: WHOO‐HOO!
‐ ( Joe chuckles )
‐ Sachio: YOU'RE AMAZING, JOE!
‐ Joe: WE DID IT.
‐ Man #5: "GEARLESS" JOE!
‐ Nanbu: AHH!
‐ Man #6: "GEARLESS" JOE!
ARAGAKI, WAY TO GO!
( leg scraping )
Aragaki: I'M SORRY, COACH.
‐ Miyagi: NO NEED TO APOLOGIZE.
‐ Aragaki: HUH?
Miyagi: DID YOU THINK
I HADN'T NOTICED?
IF YOU HADN'T SPOKEN UP,
THEN I WAS GONNA STOP
THE FIGHT MYSELF.
LISTEN. I'M YOUR TRAINER.
THE LAST THING I WANT
IS FOR MY FIGHTER
NEVER TO BE ABLE TO WALK AGAIN.
THERE'S NOTHING
TO BE ASHAMED OF.
THAT WAS A HELL OF A FIGHT
TO GO OUT ON.
( door opens )
Aragaki: YOU CAME.
EVERYBODY, CLEAR OUT.
Nanbu: I APPRECIATE IT.
Aragaki: NO PROBLEM.
Nanbu: SO YOU WERE INJURED.
Aragaki: YEAH. THE DOCTORS SAID
I RISKED BEING BEDRIDDEN
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE
BY PUSHING IT SO HARD OUT THERE,
BUT I HAD A DIFFICULT TIME
LETTING GO.
WHEN I HEARD ABOUT
WHAT YOU AND JOE WERE DOING,
I THOUGHT IT'D BE
A GOOD WAY TO GO OUT
FOR ALL OF IT,
AN END TO EVERYTHING.
BUT THEN,
WHEN I ACTUALLY SAW YOU AGAIN
AFTER ALL THOSE YEARS APART,
I WASN'T SURE
WHAT I WANTED TO DO.
I HAVE BEEN TRYING
TO FIGURE THAT ALL OUT
SINCE THAT DAY
WE SPOKE IN THE PARK.
Nanbu: AND DID YOU?
( Aragaki chuckles )
JOE TOLD ME SOMETHING.
"BLAME WHOEVER YOU WANT,
BUT IN THE END,
A MAN MAKES HIS OWN CALLS."
I CHOSE THE PATH
THAT LED ME HERE.
I CAN'T RESENT ANYONE FOR THAT.
THAT INCLUDES YOU.
I HOLD NO ILL WILL.
I'M GONNA MOVE ON.
FOR ME, TOMORROW STARTS TODAY.
♪
I MADE IT THIS FAR
ON THESE LEGS...
AND THAT'S‐‐
THAT SHOULD BE FAR ENOUGH,
SHOULDN'T IT, COACH?
Nanbu: YEAH.
IT WAS GOOD TO SEE
YOUR MEGALO‐BOXING.
YOU WERE AMAZING.
( Aragaki shudders )
WOULD YOU MIND...
GIVING THIS TO JOE FOR ME?
Nanbu: YOU‐‐YOU HELD ON TO THIS?
( Aragaki sighs )
I, UH‐‐I SHIP OUT TOMORROW.
Nanbu: I SEE.
HERE.
Aragaki: WHAT IS THIS?
Nanbu: ARAGAKI,
I WAS HOPING TO TREAT YOU
TO A NICE DINNER
BEFORE YOU SHIPPED OUT,
SO I BET ALL THE CASH I HAD,
HOPING FOR AN UPSET.
BUT GUESS WHAT. I LOST IT ALL.
THINK OF IT
AS A GOOD‐LUCK CHARM.
HOPEFULLY IT'LL KEEP YOU
FROM GETTING SHOT.
LEAVE YOUR LOCKER
THE WAY IT IS.
THIS IS YOUR HOME.
REMEMBER THAT, OKAY?
I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU.
Aragaki: RIGHT.
THAT TICKET...
HONESTLY, IT SAVED MY LIFE.
( sobbing )
( wailing )
YOU'LL MAKE IT
TO MEGALONIA, RIGHT?
Nanbu: EH?
YEAH.
Aragaki: TELL JOE
SOMETHING FOR ME.
TELL HIM I BELIEVE IN HIM, TOO.
( Joe inhales )
( sighs )
( crowd cheering )
( fanfare playing )
Yukiko: TONIGHT WE'LL BE
ANNOUNCING THE THIRD COMPETITOR
TO GAIN ENTRY
INTO THE MEGALONIA TOURNAMENT.
YURI, PEPE IGLESIAS, AND NOW...
( lion roars )
Announcer:
WITH THE KILLER BOMB CREW...
GLEN BURROUGHS!
( audience murmuring )
Yukiko: MR. BURROUGHS'S
THUNDEROUS FIGHTING STYLE
IS A SIGHT TO BEHOLD,
AND IT'S EARNED HIM
THE INFAMOUS NICKNAME
OF "BLOODY LION."
THIS POWERFUL
HEAVYWEIGHT FIGHTER
HAS MANAGED TO DISTINGUISH
HIMSELF IN MEGALO‐BOXING,
WHERE MIDDLEWEIGHT FIGHTERS
TYPICALLY HAVE THE ADVANTAGE.
Announcer: LET'S GIVE IT UP
FOR GLEN BURROUGHS!
( applause )
Reporter: THERE'S LESS THAN
A MONTH UNTIL MEGALONIA BEGINS.
WHEN WILL THE LAST FIGHTER
BE ANNOUNCED,
AND WHAT WILL THE CRITERIA BE?
Yukiko:
AFTER A COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW,
WE'LL PUBLICLY ANNOUNCE
THAT COMPETITOR.
Reporter #2:
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES
OF "GEARLESS" JOE ENTERING?
HE RECENTLY DEFEATED ARAGAKI,
A FAVORITE
TO CLAIM THE LAST SLOT.
Yukiko: WELL...
AS I'VE SAID BEFORE,
MEGALONIA IS OPEN TO ALL.
I ASSURE YOU, ONCE THE LAST
FIGHTER HAS BEEN SELECTED,
YOU WILL ALL BE INFORMED.
Mikio: YOU LOOK BORED
OUT HERE, YURI.
Yuri: MIKIO.
Mikio: TOUGH LUCK
FOR MR. BURROUGHS.
INSTEAD OF GETTING
HIS MOMENT IN THE SPOTLIGHT,
THE MEDIA FOCUSED
ON SOMEONE ELSE.
Yuri: HMM?
HE'S DOING IT.
Mikio: YUKIKO TOLD ME
ALL ABOUT IT.
IT SEEMS LIKE YOU TWO
HAVE SOME UNFINISHED BUSINESS,
THE MYSTERY FIGHTER
WHO MEGALOBOXES
WITHOUT ANY ENHANCEMENTS,
"GEARLESS" JOE.
HE'S QUITE POPULAR.
Yuri: JOE.
Mikio: BUT THAT WILL SOON
COME TO AN END.
MEGALONIA IS NO PLACE
FOR STRAY DOGS LIKE HIM.
♪
♪♪Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )